Add date format in where (#83)
opendatasoft/ods-documentation-explore-api: source/includes/v2/_odsql.md

`<date_format>` is a string, where each character or group of characters will be replaced by parts of the date in the returned string.

The formats below are available for a date format expression.

Symbol | Meaning | Examples
------ | ------- | --------
yy or YY | year on two digits | 20
yyyy or YYYY | year on four digits | 2020
xx | weekyear* on two digits| 96
xxxx | weekyear* on four digits| 1996
w | week of weekyear | 7
ww | week of weekyear, left-padded with 0 | 07
e | day of week, as a number, 1 for monday to 7 for sunday | 2
E | day of week, abbreviated name | sun.
EEEE | day of week, full name | sunday
D | day of year | 89
DDD | day of year, left-padded with 0 | 089
M | month of year | 7
MM | month of year, left-padded with 0 | 07
d | day of month | 8
dd | day of month, left-padded with 0 | 08
H | hour of day, 0-23 | 9
HH | hour of day, 00-23, left-padded with 0 | 09
m | minute of hour, 0-59 | 13
mm | minute of hour, 00-59, left-padded with 0 | 09
s | second of minute, 0-59 | 13
ss | second of minute, 00-59, left-padded with 0 | 09

*Years and week years differ sligthly, see the [definition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_week_date) of week years.

> The date format can contain free texts that won't be interpreted, they must be surrounded by a single quote `'`.

Reviewer: Slight rewording suggestion.
```suggestion
The date format can contain a free text that won't be interpreted. Free text must be surrounded by single quotes `'`.
```

> group by date format examples

```sql
group_by=date_format(date_field, "YYYY-MM-dd'T'HH") -- Creates a group for each hour in date_field and return date with a pseudo ISO 8061 format
group_by=date_format(date_field, "w") -- Create a group for each different week in date_field
```

> Results can be grouped by parts of a date, using the `date_format` function. See the [description of the function](#date-format-function) for the full syntax.

Reviewer: Slight rewording suggestion for consistency purposes.
```suggestion
Results can be grouped by parts of a date, using the `date_format` function. For the full syntax, see the [description of the function](#date-format-function).
```
